So now we're going to see how we can bring up this retrieval QA into our discussion over here to retrieve
the data, uh, from our vector store.
So I'm going to do that.
So I'm going to probably just leave this guy over here.
And I'm going to add a, uh, markdown over here.
And I'm going to say uh, retrieval QA.
And we also need the retriever retriever, uh, this time.
And I'm going to add the code down below.
So we need this, um, retriever QA.
And over here I'm going to say retriever uh is equal to we're going to call our vector stores as retriever.
And I'm going to pass the search uh quarks, quarks.
So I'm going to say search quarks is equal to um maybe k is equal to three.
So totally three records that we're going to retrieve every single time.
We're just going to retrieve the information out from that.
Remember, that's the same thing that we were doing before.
So if I just ask the retriever, um, over here, and if I try to run that, it is going to, uh, probably
I did not even run this code.
Let me run this.
Uh oh.
Yeah.
Source the vector stores.
And now, if I run this, you'll notice that it's going to bring that particular data over here for
us.
Right.
This is what is being stored in the retriever for us, which is great.
And now we need to bring in our, uh, retrieval QA for that matter.
So in order for me to bring that up, I'm going to say QA chain is equal to, uh, retrieval QA.
And I'm going to call our from chain type.
And over here I'm going to pass the LM and the retriever.
These are the two things we really require, uh, to be passed for the QA chain.
And once we have the QA chain, now, we can use this for our, uh, questions to answer if that particular
answer really matches or not.
So that is the thing that is going to happen using this particular key chain.
So you can ask the question from here, and you can get the retrieved document out from this particular
key chain.
So so what I really mean is that if I'm going to ask like, um, what playwright does the question which
is not in the query question section, but I'm just asking one question over here, just a random question.
And I wanted the vector store to give me that particular answer.
So I'm going to say, Shane, uh, we have this invoke or maybe run method.
Whichever method that we're going to call, let's say run, uh, and I'm going to pass the query over
here.
And I wanted to, uh, get this particular response.
And then I need to retrieve the relevant documents out from it.
So I'm going to say, uh, retrieved uh, docs.
And no, not this one.
So I'm going to say retriever dot get, uh, relevant documents.
And over here I can just pass the query as well.
And then let's print both the response as well as the retrieved document.
So I'm going to say response and the retrieved documents.
And let's try to run this code.
This is going to throw us an error I know why.
Because we need to probably add like a parameter here.
Like LM is equal to LM.
And um retriever is equal to retriever because the parameter is not matching the position.
So we probably need to just give uh explicitly.
There we go.
Now you can notice that we could able to run this code.
And you will see that the retrieved document is going to be, uh, coming up for us over here, which
is these are the documents.
So this is the response just coming up for us over here.
Like playwright allows network interception, uh, headless execution and, uh, tracing, debugging,
complex web application.
It is a modern automation testing order.
Modern automation library for end to end testing that supports multiple browser, including Chrome,
Firefox, and WebKit.
So you can see that our, uh, our QA chain because it has the access to the large language model,
it could able to summarize everything based on the question that we have asked, like what playwright
does?
It has given us that information over here.
And you will see that there is this relevant document for this query been retrieved from the vector
stores is also coming up for us over here.
See that how it has retrieved the information like player velocity network interception.
It has also got some selenium stuffs over there.
And then it is bringing up the playwright is modern automation library for automation testing.
Because remember the K is three there just this one.
That's the reason why it could retrieve three.
Uh talk like first three of the document from the document stores.
So that is what is really happening over here.
So now we have all these set up operations there for performing the evaluation using ragas.
The next step is now we need to prepare the data set.
And then we need to pass this data set to ragas to do the evaluation, which we'll be doing in our next
lecture.